welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
save yourselves
a prologue states that this was the year
the earth was lost
a 30-something millennial couple sue and
jack
decide to disconnect from their internet
obsessed and superficial lives in
brooklyn by turning off their phones for
a weekend and staying at friend's cabin
in the woods
as they drive away objects begin
descending from the sky
at the cabin the couple reconnect with
one another
discussing various ways to become better
people
such as by baking bread going vegetarian
or starting a community garden
during their stay jack notices a strange
fuzzy ottoman-like object
sitting in the den and asks sue if it
was there when they arrived
but sue ignores it and attempts to have
jack do several exercises she wrote down
from an
online list to help them become closer
and more motivated as a couple and as
adults
this irritates jack and the two fight
causing jack to go outside to chop wood
angry at jack sue secretly turns on her
phone and listens to several strange
voicemails from her mother about giant
rats that consume ethanol infesting new
york
before she can listen further jack
returns
and sue quickly turns off her phone
jack admits to sue that he feels
inadequate as an adult
but is committed to them becoming closer
the couple make up but in the morning
they realize the sourdough starter and
their whiskey bottles are empty and that
the fuzzy ball
which they dub up poof has moved on its
own
realizing the starter and the whiskey
contain ethanol
sue recalls her mother's voicemails and
admits to jack that she broke their
disconnecting agreement
but that she thinks the voicemails may
be related to what's going on
the two hide upstairs and turn on their
phones learning from various belated
voicemails and texts that the poofs are
alien invaders that have attacked new
york
forcing a mass evacuation and that the
poofs feed on ethanol
they attempt to attack the poof but it
flees using a projectile proboscis
stunned the couple then find that their
phones have lost signal
and make a plan to escape in their car
back to the city in hopes of regaining
signal and more information about the
invasion
however they find that the poofs have
pierced the tank to feed on the
ethanol-based fuel
and are forced to use the farm's
gasoline tank car
though they struggle to use the stick
shift
driving through the woods they witness a
stranded couple get killed by another
poof
but throw a bottle of wine off the road
as a distraction to lead it away
as they pass they discover a baby in the
stranded truck
deciding that they cannot abandon it
they gather it up
but a woman emerges from the truck's bed
and steals their vehicle at gunpoint
stranding them with the baby with no
other
options they take the supplies in the
abandoned car and head into the woods
sue becomes despondent worried about her
family
and lamenting that they have no life
skills to survive the invasion
or to offer in any future society in the
wake of the discovery of alien life
they encounter a poof in the woods and
jack blocks it from attacking sue with
his
own body as it shoots its proboscis at
jack numerous times
its proboscis becomes stuck in the baby
harness
jack is wearing sue grabs a knife and
cuts off the proboscis
killing the poof jack finds he is
unharmed because his cell phone in his
shirt pocket protected his heart
touched by one another's willingness to
save the other
jack and sue climbed to the lookout
point along the trail with the baby
and marvel at how they feel more mature
and in love compared to how they were
when they arrived at the cabin
they commit to marrying one another and
intend to raise the baby as their own in
the woods
achieving the next steps of their
adulthood
sue notices a strange translucent
structure growing out of the ground
nearby and investigates
she finds it is some sort of force field
and jack examines it as well
the two then discover that their phones
have mysteriously regained
signal and immediately check them for
information
they become so absorbed in the various
videos and content on their phones that
they fail to realize the force field has
enveloped them in a bubble
unable to break through they and the
baby are carried upwards through the sky
as it climbs higher the bubble begins
releasing
oxygen for them as they break out of the
earth's atmosphere they notice other
bubbles carrying people like them
unable to determine what this means they
initially laugh and ask if this means
they have been saved
but their faces become uncertain as they
float away into space
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you